Prepare for phase 1 release (#9)
PLTCom/PLT-org: Committees/Committee-Process.adoc

= Committee Process

This document provides a general outline of the process committees should implement to effectively set and meet goals.

== Conduct an Investigation

> After being elected, new committee directors should investigate the needs of the organization. Recommended approaches include polling the members of your committee, who should have a better understanding of what is needed at the ground level, and by polling the membership directly using the forms service incorporated within Chapterbox*. You should ask open-ended questions like:

Author: ```suggestion
After being elected, new committee directors should investigate the needs of the organization. Recommended approaches include polling the members of your committee, who should have a better understanding of what is needed at the ground level, and by polling the membership directly using the forms at survey.pltcom.org. You should ask open-ended questions like:
```

* What needs are currently unmet in your local community, that could be met by this committee?
* What are some projects you've seen around the community that could be better implemented by an explicitly socialist organization like PLT-COM?
* Are there gaps in your knowledge that could be filled by this committee?
* What is the current political climate locally? Are there any actions this committee could take to put pressure on capitalist power structures OR remove pressure from the working class?

> Directors should also be regularly submitting reports on committee progress to the Central Committee. These should be continuously reviewed, and used to guide your investigation or to assess a new project's efficacy.

Author: ```suggestion
Directors should submit regular reports on committee progress to the Central Committee. These should be continuously reviewed, and used to guide your investigation or to assess a new project's efficacy.
```
